Objective: Help an organization improve employee performance and retention (reduce attrition) by creating an HR Analytics Dashboard. 

OVERVIEW - Firstly, department-wise filters are present to analyze department-wise retention. Then we made KPI's (key performance indicators), which generally summarize our dashboard. We made 6 KPI's, which tell us about the overall number of employees, total count of attrition, attrition rate (total attrition/total employees), average age of employees working at the company, average salary, and average years at the company. we made a slicer, which tells us about distribution based on gender We made a donut chart, which basically shows attrition according to education background. Next, we made an attrition chart according to age group. We made a table according to job satisfaction and their job role at the company; we made a stacked bar chart to account for attrition based on their salary; we made an area graph to account for attrition based on working years at the company; and lastly, we made a chart to account for attrition based on their job role.

DATA CLEANING AND PROCESSING: We remove null and duplicate values from the table.

INSIGHTS: We summarize our data by telling attrition in company by which reason, in which age group there is maximum attrition, salary of the employees who left the company, majorly attrition count from which department and job role, how many years they worked in the company, and job satisfaction table depicted how much employees were satisfied.

Insights tell us that out of the total (1470) total attrition count, there are 237, out of which the proportion of male employees (140) is much greater than the female proportion (79). Maximum attrition is found among the age group (26-35). The attrition rate is likely to be higher among employees with salaries up to $5,000. Major attrition counts come from the life science department and from laboratory technician job roles. The attrition rate is highest among employees working almost 2 years at the company. 
